Oh, the white-skinned judge! How is it, Jew?
I see, you are the white-skinned judge.
Jew, I will do as he says.
I will pay you three times the amount.
I will forgive that Christian believer.
The money is here. Wait!
Jew is asking for a court according to the law.
Wait!
I will not call you in a hurry.
You should not take anything except the money.
Oh, Jew, you are the white-skinned judge.
I see, you are the white-skinned judge.
Ha ha ha ha!
I will do as he says.
Tell him to cut the meat.
Do not let him spill the blood.
Also, the meat should be cut only once.
You should not cut more or less than one pound of meat.
If you cut more than one pound of meat,
it is only one minute or one day.
But if you cut only one strand of hair,
you will lose your life.
The money is here.
I will pay you three times the amount.
I see, you are the white-skinned judge.
How is it?
Did you get it?
Why are you hesitating?
Take the money.
Take only the money.
Let me go home.
He is trying to give it to you.
He said he would not accept it
in the law of the rich.
He said he would not accept it in the law of the rich.
Finally, he is Mr. Daniel.
He is Mr. Daniel now.
Thank you for your kind words.
Ha ha ha ha!
Then, you cannot accept only the money.
There is nothing else
besides the money.
You are so selfish.
You are useless.
Wait!
There is still a law.
According to the law of Venice,
when foreigners tried to kill the citizens of Venice,
the rich divided the property
and the victims were taken by the public.
The public was forced to stay in the country.
The criminal was left to the house of the king.
No one could say anything against it.
The law of the rich is equivalent to that.
It is a law that the victim
has not been reported.
In general the essence of the law of the rich
cannot be villa-ed.
He must be Mỹaated.